ACA Bicep Readme rewrite (#170)
Azure/azure-functions-dapr-extension: deploy/aca/aca-deployment.md

# Quickstart: DAPR with Functions on Azure Container Apps

In this tutorial, a sample Dapr solution is deployed to Functions on Azure Container Apps via Bicep template.

> This Bicep script will deploy Function on Azure Container App along with DAPR extension, Azure Service Bus, DAPR Components - Blob as statestore, EventHub as pub-sub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Bicep script will deploy Function on Azure Container App along with DAPR extension, Azure Service Bus, DAPR Components - Redis as state store, Azure Event Hub as pub-sub.
```

You learn how to:

> - Create an Azure Blob Storage for use as a Dapr state store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an Azure Redis Cache for use as a Dapr state store
```
